CALL FOR PAPERS

FastPath 2020:  International Workshop on Performance Analysis of Machine Learning Systems

https://fastpath2020.github.io

April 5, 2020 - Boston, Massachusetts, United States

In conjunction with ISPASS 2020:  http://www.ispass.org/ispass2020


SUMMARY

FastPath 2019 brings together researchers and practitioners involved in crossstack 
hardware/software performance analysis, modeling, and evaluation for
efficient machine learning systems. Machine learning demands tremendous amount of
computing. Current machine learning systems are diverse, including cellphones,
high performance computing systems, database systems, self-driving cars,
robotics, and in-home appliances. Many machine-learning systems have customized
hardware and/or software. The types and components of such systems vary, but a
partial list includes traditional CPUs assisted with accelerators (ASICs, FPGAs,
GPUs), memory accelerators, I/O accelerators, hybrid systems, converged
infrastructure, and IT appliances. Designing efficient machine learning systems
poses several challenges.

These include distributed training on big data, hyper-parameter tuning for
models, emerging accelerators, fast I/O for random inputs, approximate computing
for training and inference, programming models for a diverse machine-learning
workloads, high-bandwidth interconnect, efficient mapping of processing logic on
hardware, and cross system stack performance optimization. Emerging
infrastructure supporting big data analytics, cognitive computing, large-scale
machine learning, mobile computing, and internet-of-things, exemplify system
designs optimized for machine learning at large.


TOPICS

FastPath seeks to facilitate the exchange of ideas on performance optimization of
machine learning/AI systems and seeks papers on a wide range of topics including,
but not limited to:

 o Workload characterization, performance modeling and profiling of machine
   learning applications
   
 o GPUs, FPGAs, ASIC accelerators
 
 o Memory, I/O, storage, network accelerators
 
 o Hardware/software co-design
 
 o Efficient machine learning algorithms
 
 o Approximate computing in machine learning
 
 o Power/Energy and learning acceleration
 
 o Software, library, and runtime for machine learning systems
 
 o Workload scheduling and orchestration
 
 o Machine learning in cloud systems
 
 o Large-scale machine learning systems
 
 o Emerging intelligent/cognitive system
 
 o Converged/integrated infrastructure
 
 o Machine learning systems for specific domains, e.g., financial, biological, 
   education, commerce, healthcare


SUBMISSION

Prospective authors must submit a 2-4 page extended abstract electronically at:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fastpath2020

Authors of selected abstracts will be invited to give a 30-min presentation at the workshop.


KEY DATES

Submission: January 17, 2020

Notification: February 14, 2020

Final Materials / Workshop: April 5, 2020


ORGANIZERS

General Chair: Erik Altman

Program Committee Chairs: Parijat Dube
